Starting out:

    First, add your salary into the top entry box of the first tab and select whether you have a student loan.

    Next, click the 'Tax me' button. This will return your post-tax monthly salary. This can then be used in the scrollbars below.

    You can play around with the scrollbars to see how prioritising different parts of your spending splits your salary. The three
    catagories are defined as followed:

        Need - Things you have to pay for e.g. rent, groceries...
        Want - Things you would like, but are more flexible. This could
               include cinema tickets, eating food out...
         Use - Getting your money to work. This could be savings, 
               investing, and anything else that has a big benefit.

    Once youve had a look at how these sliders affect eachother, move over to the next tab - 'Expenses'. This tab allows you to enter
    in a list of your outgoings, made up of a Name, Value and Colour.

    Below the list, there will be stats that appear, giving you feedback on aspects of your spending.

    Once youve entered in your expenses, hit the button marked 'Set 'Need' in Salary and Ratios to Sum(Values)'. This will
    set the sum of your expenses to your need catagory on the previous tab. You can now go back there are use the bottom two
    scrollers to see how much money you have avaibale for Want and Use.


Handy tips:

    You can click within the scrollbars, either side of the slider, to make fine adjustments to your ratios.

    Within the treeview, as well as sorting by the column values, you can drag and drop your individual exenses into whatever
    order you like. The original order is tracked by the iid column so you can always sort via that column to get back to where you
    started.

    Use the Colour input in the expenses treeview to group different expense types. For example, red could signify transport, green
    shopping, and so on.

    If near the bottom of the treeview, and wanting to send a selected item to the top, drag it down to the bottom and it will jump to the top.

    You can click the Random button to keep generating a random colour in order find one you like. Alternatively, you can leave the colour
    entry empty and a random colour ill be selected for you.